Okay, Work with someone. Spots someone assess a model who is willing to
change versus those that will not change. Learned that by conducting
your day in, day out watches You know your mission of your ship submarine.
Only gonna figure that out, interacting with people in your
watch and know. And it is important to know that there are personnel
that, you know, they grew up on the analog. Now, also, you want to
do a digital. Were uncomfortable making the trade. It's up to you,
the leader to say, Okay, you guys do it. Just able. Yo, you your house.
It's a work with you to figure out that balance your innocents.
It just sounds more people. Good change is change followed us with
change is change, Some people change and there are others. Everyone
deals with change. Do that understand your mission. Walking with Dex
Walking watchers say, Hey, by the way, we're bringing in a new riverboat
next month. That riverboat is nothing like the old partners that
we had. It has new engine for people that are trained on that. So
it's up to you. You didn't do it, and I was awful for the mission